# Portfolio
Portfolio for during the course 'Computational musicology'
My corpus is a playlist on Spotify which is only accessible to me on my own account. It is called the ‘On repeat’ list, and it contains the songs I listen most to. This list is automatically created by Spotify for every account and keeps updating if you listen to other songs. I wonder how many times you have to listen to a song in order for it to appear in your On repeat list, and if this has to do with the ratio between your listening activity of other songs and of this song.
The comparison points in my corpus are the songs in the On repeat playlist. Seeing as the composition of the songs in the list changes at least once a week, so actually the compositions of the playlist between weeks are the comparison points. I expect the compositions to be mainly the same, except for a few songs that I choose to listen to for this experiment. I do think that the order of the songs might be different. I am not sure how fast the compositions will change or how much.
Since I’m comparing the same playlist every week, and this playlist tracks all of the songs I listen to on Spotify it is very representative of my listening activity. I usually listen to some song on YouTube, but this is only the case for those that are not on Spotify. So for the next few weeks I could refrain from listening on YouTube so my On repeat list will be more representative. 
The song on the very top of my playlist, Trip to Valhalla by Dr. Peacock, has been at the top for 3 months now. This is very typical for my corpus so I would like to see how this will be affected in the next few weeks.
A line I wrote on my local computer  
